And then, one Thursday, nearly two thousand years afterone man had
been nailed to a tree for saying how great it would be to be nice to
people for a change, one girl sitting on her own in a small cafe in
Rickmansworth suddenly realized what it was that had been going wrong
all this time, and she finally knew how the world could be made a good
and happy place.  This time it was right, it would work, and no one
would have to get nailed to anything.  Sadly, however, before she
could get to a phone to tell anyone about it, a terribly stupid
catastrophe occurred, and the idea was lost forever.  This is not her
story.  But it is the story of that terrible stupid catastrophe and
some of its consequences.  It is also the story of a book, a book
called The Hitch Hiker's Guide to the Galaxyʹnot an Earth book, never
published on Earth, and until the terrible catastrophe occurred, never
seen or heard of by any Earthman.  Nevertheless, a wholly remarkable
book.  In fact it was probably the most remarkable book ever to come
out of the great publishing houses of Ursa Minorʹof which no Earthman
had ever heard either.  Not only is it a wholly remarkable book, it is
also a highly successful oneʹmore popular than the Celestial Home Care
Omnibus, better selling than Fifty More Things to do in Zero Gravity,
and more controversial than Oolon Colluphid's trilogy of philosophical
blockbusters Where God Went Wrong, Some More of God's Greatest
Mistakes and Who is this God Person Anyway?  In many of the more
relaxed civilizations on the Outer Eastern Rim ofthe Galaxy, the Hitch
Hiker's Guide has already supplanted the great Encyclopedia Galactica
as the standard repository of all knowledge and wisdom, for though it
has many omissions and contains much that is apocryphal, or at least
wildly inaccurate, it scores over the older, more pedestrian work in
two important respects.  First, it is slightly cheaper; and secondly
it has the words DON'T PANIC inscribed in large friendly letters on
its cover.  But the story of this terrible, stupid Thursday, the story
of its extraordinary consequences, and the story of how these
consequences are inextricably intertwined with this remarkable book
begins very simply.  It begins with a house.
